Hi! I really hope I can post this in this forum, as the 
other forums are not as active. 

My 11 yr. old nonverbal son has been taking Risperdal 
since he was four. With some increasingly problematic 
issues, we are now introducing the generic Prozac as a 
medication cocktail. Has anyone tried this, and can you 
please tell me what positive/negative effects you might 
have noticed with Fluoxetine? Right now he seems pretty 
darn manic, and we are waiting it out because it hasn't 
even been two weeks and I am hoping against hope that it 
evens out and really helps his quality of life. 
The good: he seems to have "unlocked" himself a bit, 
responding more to people and becoming more self aware. 
He can also sit through an actual movie and really seems 
to be interested and following the story. He has more of 
an interest in vocalizing (BIG plus).
The bad: I say that he is manic because sometimes he is 
wanting to move constantly, right when it would be an 
appropriate time for the medicine to "start working", 
about an hour or so after taking it, he can be driven 
purely by impulse and become very inappropriate and 
uncontrollable,destructive, less calm, etc.

We tried this last year, and he was briefly on Fluoxetine 
HCL, and it didn't seem to have quite the manic side 
effects. I noticed today that the neurologist put him on 
regular Fluoxetine capsules (we mix the powder with his 
food to hide it) as opposed to the HCL. Just curious if 
there is a difference between the two, or what we might 
need to watch for or look forward to. Thanks so much for 
reading my post!
